Ramen.
Let's send Takeda too.
Shall we?
Hello?
Yeah, hello?
Takeda?
Ah, yeah.
It's Minamikawa.
Takeda, know ramen?
Yeah, I eat it.
Sorry, you got a minute?
Ah, yeah, I do.
So look up Karamenya...
Okay.
Masumoto. The "masu" is the same kanji as
in Masuzoe.
The question is what words are written on
the bottom of the bowl for their Original Spicy Noodles.
Can you go eat there now and check for us?
Huh...?
Uh... okay.
We'll call you back in an hour or two.
Please.
Yeah, Karamenya Masumoto.
Sorry.
Man, this would suck. What a pain.
Think we can do the 48 positions?
No way.
Eighteen.
We'd use ten right away, wouldn't we?
Yeah, we'd burn ten easy.
For sure.
Even if they just read one and we answer,
and read one and we answer...
we'd still use like thirteen.
Yeah, easy.
The 48 positions are scary.
Kashu-san.
Kashu-san, it's Shinichi.
Shinichi Omokuri Geinin.
Yeah, yeah, Shinichi... yeah.
So, Shinichi, we're kinda locked up right
now...
We need you to look up an answer for us,
right now.
Calm down, calm down.
Pant, pant... okay, okay.
Right, so you know the 48 sex positions?
The 48 sex positions?
Yeah, the 48 positions. The naughty ones.
I'll call back in ten minutes, so can you
have the answer ready?
You can just check on your phone.
That's a good junior.
Ah, got it.
Sorry, thanks.
Everyone's so nice.
They accept it so fast.
Like they just go look it up right away.
Yeah.
Nothing on the inside.
Damn.
Nope.
This spot looks suspicious too.
They made it really well.
Could it be hidden somewhere like this?
Like inside that thing?
Man, finding the key in all this is
brutal. Yeah.
Jeez.
What is this?
Isn't it that thing?
Isn't this a fortune cookie?
This?
It's a fortune cookie.
There's something inside...
Oh, there is!
No way, no way.
Something came out.
No way.
Oh, it's a fortune.
Wait, it says something good.
Yeah.
This probably has some kind of hint on it.
The writing... yeah.
Okay, got it.
What does it say?
Sandals.
Oh!
Something came!
What, what, what?
No way!
Huh?
Something came!
Hey!
What?
Somebody came!
Hey!
This is nuts. This isn't normal.
It said sandals, and sandals showed up.
Huh?
That's insane.
We don't even have shoes right now, so...
maybe that means...
it's for getting ready to go outside?
Ah.
Oh, that's what it means.
Yeah.
No way.
So if we eat them one by one,
huh?
stuff to help us get outside comes out?
So then...
do I get to keep the sandals?
No, there've gotta be more, obviously.
Then what do we do? We need rules,
or we'll fight later.
Maybe whatever you eat belongs to you.
Okay, then whatever you pull out is yours.
Whatever you pull is yours.
Okay.
Okay!
Got the sandals!
Whoa!
This is way better.
Come on, next one.
Don't say "slow down," I'm begging you.
Hello?
Kashu-san, here we go.
Ajiro-honte.
Man, this is a pain.
Writing all this down?
We'll need it.
Hurry, hurry.
Uh...
Keep going.
Shigure-chausu.
Huh?
Ayagu.
Shigure-chausu.
Shigure-chausu?
No way, is that real?
Minamikawa-san, please be quiet.
I can't hear.
Huh?
This one, hata...
Hataori-chausu.
Chance.
There's no way that says "chance."
Huh?
Chaushu.
Kashu-san, seriously?
Weaving Chance?
No, I looked it up and this came up.
Okay, list all 48 positions already.
Kashu-san, hurry, this is bad.
I don't know. Huh?
Tsuru, tsuru... Tsuru-honte.
Tsuru-honte.
Hahahaha.
Kotobuki-honte.
Karakusai-chausu.
Karakusai-chausu?
That was fast.
Oh no, oh no, oh no.
Hamachi... the fish plus bird.
Hamachi?
Ah.
Ugh.
Hey! What are you doing?
Kashu-san seriously had no idea.
What the hell are you doing?
He kept getting stuck on kanji he couldn't
read.
It's gone, damn it. Takeda's still out
there. What do we do?
Because of Kashu, I kept blurting stuff
out. It's over.
Ugh.
This is impossible. It's endless.
OK Google.
Tell me something fun.
No progress at all.
Here's a riddle.
A rotten egg and a graveyard at night.
What's the connection?
They're both creepy.
Wow.
Yeah.
That's not fun at all.
That one was awful too.
You asked for it.
Seriously, help us already.
A blender?
A blender.
Oh!
Blending candy won't help.
At least give us a drink.
Let's set it aside for now.
So it'd be easier to eat?
All right!
Huh?
Hahahaha.
Cigarettes!
Cigarettes.
Oh, wow.
A smoke, huh.
Cigarettes really hit hard.
Huh.
That hits the spot.
It works.
My eyes are wide open now.
That really hit.
Whoa.
What happened?
Did something come?
Ah, it did.
Ah.
It came?
It came.
Finally.
Ah.
It's here.
It's that woman.
Yu Aihara.
Oh.
She's beautiful.
Still beautiful.
Let's open the 48 positions.
Let's go with Kanai-kun. Kanai-san, can I
leave the 48 positions to you?
Oh, sure.
Hello?
Hello, Kanai?
Sorry, got a second right now?
You know the dirty 48 positions, right?
You know, positions?
Oh, the 48 positions?
The 48 positions.
Can you rattle them off to me in about ten
minutes? Ah, got it.
I'll call you in about ten minutes.
Okay, got it.
Sorry.
Yeah.
By the time we finish the 48 positions,
the ramen'll be gone. / True.
This might work.
Yeah.
Okay, okay, okay, okay.
Right, the 48 positions are
in a pretty important spot. / Yeah.
Coffee!
Oh!
Coffee with sweets is nice, right?
Bitter, bitter, bitter.
Hahaha.
It's good.
Good, huh?
Bitter, bitter.
Mind if I get a sip? Just a drop.
That's what happens eating only sweets.
Sure, sure.
Thanks.
No thanks.
Ah, coffee and cigarettes.
Ah. Huh? Oh!
Ah.
It's a stove here.
That startled me.
Want to grill a rice cracker?
But at least it warms you up.
True.
What do we use it for?
Wow, that's warm.
Warm.
Nice and warm.
Ah.
Use it for like ten seconds.
Yeah.
Let's use it a bit.
A little more is fine.
Warm.
Oh.
Ah!
Yes!
This is really nice.
Ah.
It's not like we're full.
True.
This might actually be good.
Oh, it's pickled plum.
Yeah.
This, this.
This.
This is it.
If we can't get out, we'll be stuck
living like this... Ah! Ah!
It's a stink bug.
Ugh.
A damn stink bug.
Ugh, huge.
Oh no.
I hate this.
How did it even get in here?
Jeez.
Why are there bugs in a sealed room?
Bugs can come and go freely.
Exactly.
We haven't made any progress either.
Hello?
Hello, you good?
I'm good.
Okay, start rattling them off.
Okay.
Go ahead, please.
Okay, here I go.
Okay.
Ajiro-honte.
Got it.
Ageha-honte.
Ikada-honte.
Kotobuki-honte.
Horairi-honte.
Kasafune-honte.
Sekirei-honte.
Sekirei-honte?
Okay.
Thanks.
Sekirei-honte.
That helped.
Yeah.
Hang in there.
Oh, what a good junior.
Still 18 left.
Yeah.
We used a lot, though.
There are 48 of them.
Okay, let's go.
Ah.
Name all 48 sex positions.
Here we go.
Ajiro-honte.
Ageho-honte.
Okay.
Ikada-honte.
Kotobuki-honte.
Okay.
Futatsudomoe.
Yeah.
Tachikanae.
Yaguradachi.
Yeah.
Sekirei-honte.
Okay.
Yeah.
That's all 48 positions.
How is it?
Hmm.
Huh?
Did it work?
Shouldn't that be okay?
Why not?
Huh?
Oh no.
Something was wrong.
No way.
Huh?
Which one is wrong?
Which one was wrong?
Huh?
This is bad.
Why, though?
Oh man...
Oh no.
This is a shock.
This is like when a Dragon Quest revival
spell doesn't work. Total despair.
With something this long,
even one wrong character...
Exactly.
Ugh.
A pot.
A stove.
Maybe that's why it's here.
Ah, so with this...
Ah.
How would that work?
Like putting it on top later or something?
Why are mine always "later"?
So many.
Nunokawa keeps hitting jackpots.
Then that's huge.
Water.
Ah!
Ah! Water.
Ah! Ah!
Water.
Cold!
All right.
Damn it!
This sucks.
If my partner turned into that...
What temperature is it now?
Seven degrees.
It's dropping.
It is dropping.
It is getting dark out.
This is bad.
It's dropping.
It's only going lower.
OK Google.
Turn on the TV.
I'm sorry, I can't do that.
It won't turn on?
Why not?
Turn it on!
You can turn it on!
OK Google.
Everyone's starting to lose it.
You're totally useless.
I'm sorry.
I hope I can evolve more
and be of better service to you.
You're no help to me at all.
You won't even save us.
We're all going crazy one by one.
You're useless. Drop dead!
Whether toward me, a virtual assistant,
or toward anyone else,
I hope people stop saying
things like that.
What the hell?
It's giving me a lecture.
Oh.
Hello, everyone.
Hello, everyone. This is Skyrocket
Company. That's Yashiro there.
I'm Mambou Yashiro.
Today again, from 5 to 8...
we're live for three hours.
We can hear the radio.
Here we go.
Today's topic is this.
Life's little gambling moments.
What if Kessoku comes up too?
"Life's Little Gambling Moments: The Time
I Took a Gamble!" Let's hear it.
In your life so far, have you had a little
moment where it was all or nothing?
All right then, let's get right into our
little gambling stories. / Hope it happens.
Tokyo, 26-year-old construction worker,
"Imadoki." / Yes, Imadoki.
My little gamble was when, in high school,
my girlfriend asked me...
"Do you know what day it is today?"
Ahh.
That's a gamble, all right.
Next, one from the email form.
Oh.
A 44-year-old man.
Oh, "Kido Ai-Raku"!
It's here! It's here!
Kido Ai-Raku!
It's here! Kido Ai-Raku!
Going out drinking with a boss
who always pays...
and pretending to open your wallet at the
check, even though you don't even have 1,000 yen in it. This is great.
Well, in a way...
that really is a kind of gamble.
Since you didn't go withdraw any money.
Amazing!
That's amazing.
At 44...
Kido Ai-Raku!
Kido Ai-Raku has...
been acknowledged by the world.
He's losing it over this.
Ahh, thank you.
Man, I'm so happy.
I didn't know this could make me this
happy. I love Yashiro now.
Amazing, amazing.
Wow.
Yes!
This is huge, this is huge.
Kido Ai-Raku made it.
So this is what it feels like.
Hey.
Did you hear that?
They said it.
Hey.
...raku.
This is the last one, though.
Michio.
Huh?
This is the last one, right?
This really is the last one.
Huh? We still haven't gotten any key hint
from this last one.
Yeah.
Yeah, nothing.
Right.
Shoes.
Oh, shoes.
Oh!
Those are better than sandals.
Yeah, but still...
Hold on.
There's no hint at all, really.
What if...
The key hidden in the Candy House...
Yeah.
is really somewhere in here?
That's what it means, right?
Eat the wall.
We actually have to eat it?
Huh? Like it's just hidden somewhere in
the wall?
Man...
We have no choice but to eat it, do we?
That's way too endless.
Maybe we don't have to eat it.
Maybe there's another clue.
What came out?
Ah!
It came in that fast?
They're throwing it in.
From where?
Jeez!
Zero affection.
There? It was from up there, right?
That's scary.
What if it had been iron or something?
Exactly.
This is insane as it is. What if a pickaxe
came flying out of there?
If it's a pickaxe, I'm killing you first.
That thing could stab anybody.
Man, if it came down here...
It could stab anyone.
Whoa!
Make peace, man. You're just too happy.
Hold on, this is long.
Seriously, thank you.
Oh, and it even came with this? So nice.
Iecchan.
Go, go, go.
What do we do? Listen while we think?
Yeah, listen while we work.
Listen while we work.
This is the best.
You guys are close.
I didn't know this could make me so happy.
Temporary ceasefire for now.
Yeah.
He's a fugitive.
A fugitive.
So this is his hideout, right?
I'm about to cry.
I haven't even done anything good.
True.
Man, this really is amazing.
After all that trouble, we finally got it.
Maybe tomorrow will be brighter for us now.
Even food tastes brighter now.
I want that too.
Might make you fall in love.
Huh.
First cigarette in a while.
Take-chan?
Ah, hello?
Ah, yeah.
Take-chan, ah, hello?
How'd it go?
I just ate it.
Oh!
You got it.
Uh, I got a call from Minamikawa-san and
went to Kawasaki...
I went to Karamenya Masumoto.
You actually went there first.
Yeah, I just finished the bowl.
Yeah.
And I figured out the words there, so I'd
like to tell Minamikawa-san. Go ahead.
Okay. "Spicy, but delicious. Thank you for
finishing it."
"Spicy, but delicious. Thank you for
finishing it," right? Yeah.
Thanks.
Okay, bye.
Yeah, sorry.
We're running low.
All right.
Karamenya Masumoto.
Ah, he really went.
Been a while.
Oh.
Okay, okay.
Quite a lot.
How about this?
Ah, just a little more.
It opened up a lot.
If the 48 positions open, that hole gets
huge, right? Yeah.
Yeah. We still don't know which side is
top or bottom.
Ah, no way.
Still impossible, huh?
Seriously, those 48 positions...
Why won't that clue open?
I think it's down to one character or
something. Yeah.
That's the only thing that makes sense. I
think our part is right, mine and Minamikawa's.
Yeah, that's what they said too.
It's Kanai-kun's reading.
But we have no choice now.
We have to bet on the 48 positions.
It's hard over the road noise.
Call Kanai one more time.
That's scary.
Yeah, it is.
It's just verification work now.
Can we do it with nine?
Ah, hello?
Nine won't do it.
Yeah, yeah.
Looks like the 48 positions are a bit off.
What? Can you read them all again right
now? Or are you outside?
Ah... ah, wait...
Hold on a sec. Maybe it's how we said it.
Maybe it's how we said it. Sorry.
Ugh, it's ticking down.
Ah, Kanai.
This is really bad.
I'll call you right back.
I'm already outside.
What do we do now?
Ugh.
The 48 positions are all we have left.
That's it, just the 48 positions.
This is all...
this.
This, this, and this.
We should be able to take those off.
That thing is right in the middle.
Perfectly placed.
Oh, can you get through?
I almost did.
Can I go out first?
What?
You little...
You think that's okay?
You think you can get out?
No way, that's impossible.
We have to get out together.
No, I don't think so. If one gets out,
what happens to the other one?
How should I know? Figure that out
yourself. Hey!
It gets way worse if there's only one of
us. Ugh.
Whoa, this might actually work.
Whoa.
Whoa, you can really do it.
Whoa, whoa.
Ah, ah.
Yeah, of course that's what happens.
Right.
Yeah.
What the hell are you doing?
Your hand slipped off, right?
Huh?
Your hand slipped off, didn't it?
You can't get out, because I'm here.
No, wait. I can get out.
No, no.
You can't get out.
Practically speaking.
Because I'm here.
Wait, let's at least guess.
Where the key might be.
Maybe the baumkuchen?
But wait, the baumkuchen...
It's unbelievably huge.
Ugh.
The baumkuchen is high risk.
It's seriously high risk.
This is rough.
This is really rough.
Here we go.
Then smash it to bits.
No, it won't. There's no moisture.
It'll just turn to powder.
What is wrong with you?
Exactly.
Let's just look inside the baumkuchen
first. True.
Yeah.
We'll have to eat this later anyway.
Right.
I'll eat it later.
Yeah.
This.
Ugh.
It's stacked like spare toilet paper.
I see.
It really is how you store toilet paper.
Huh?
No, see, I knew it.
That's what it is.
Hm?
No, I just mean...
Like maybe it's inside the wheat-gluten
snack. I don't even know what that means.
Then we just have to keep eating.
Yeah, maybe it's buried inside.
I don't want to accept that reality.
Oh, that's what you meant.
I don't want to think anymore.
Let's save this for later.
Then we're counting on you.
Yeah, okay, okay.
Okay.
But there wasn't a key inside, so...
I don't get why we have to eat it.
No, because we already took it out.
It's the rule.
We have to see it through.
Ah, hello?
Hello?
Hello.
Can you say them?
I can, I can.
You can? Then maybe we can do this.
Say it, say it, say it.
Fast is fine.
Okay, hang on, I'll put Shinichi on.
Just rattle them off to him.
Yeah.
Okay, Kanai-kun, here we go.
Here I go.
Okay.
Here I go. Are you ready?
Okay, go ahead.
Tachikanae.
Huh? You're starting there?
Not "Aji no Honte"?
Uh, well, it depends on the site.
Oh no.
Oh, I see.
The sets are kind of different.
"Tachikanae."
This is going to take a while.
"Tachikanae" is on here. Okay, okay.
I think this one's probably accurate.
This list has all 48,
so I'll just read them off.
I see.
Okay.
"Chidori no Kyoku."
Why?
"Chidori song"?
That's completely different. I've never
heard of "Chidori no Kyoku" in my life.
Man, that's scary.
What the hell?
That 48 positions list from before
was just Wikipedia.
I checked a few sites,
and this 48-item version came up most.
That one.
That's the right one.
So that's the real one.
Probably the accurate version...
Then everything from before was wrong.
We should just restart from the top.
Then tell us.
"Tachikanae," okay, go on.
Please.
Sorry, uh, "Chidori no Kyoku."
"Chidori no Kyoku."
Oh no.
Oh no, you idiot.
I told you that already.
Kanai suddenly blurted out
"Chidori no Kyoku," of all things.
That was the first I'd heard it.
First time I'd ever heard it.
What did he say?
"Chidori no Kyoku"?
I was like, "Chidori no Kyoku?"
That definitely wasn't on there.
How many are there?
See, the earlier one was from Wikipedia.
I knew it.
And the one I just found...
is probably the official one.
Right?
So how many are different?
I don't know that either.
You don't know?
So we have to start from one.
There are some matches, but
we have to hear them from the top.
We don't know which ones are wrong.
How long is this radio show on till?
It's three hours.
Three hours, till eight.
We don't even know how many answers there
are, so let's just send in a ton of them.
Let's just go with pickaxe first.
It is a pickaxe, right?
Then how about "Tsuruhashi Hideki"?
"Tsuruhashi Hideki."
Lead with "Tsuruhashi Hideki."
Like when you tap your Suica, you know?
That one.
It's on right now.
Like, you don't know if there's money on
it, but you tap it anyway.
I kind of remember it. I remember
thinking, "Uh-oh, next one's bad."
Isn't that perfect?
It's a relatable topic.
That's really good. I like clams, but I
hate clams with sand in them.
At an izakaya, when I eat steamed clams, I
put them in my mouth praying there's no sand.
When there's no sand, it feels like I won,
and it tastes twice as good.
No, that's the one.
Takano.
He might be a natural.
Let's go with that.
I don't know.
It doesn't feel that relatable.
This is getting me down.
We're just stuck here, buried.
It's getting dark out.
Yeah.
It's getting dark and it's starting to
rain. It really is raining.
Now it's raining too.
Turn on the lights.
Oh!
Hah!
The lights came on.
Oh, thank God.
It's bright now.
The dark was freaking you out.
Thank God.
Okay, Google. Thanks.
You're very welcome.
You're thanking it already.
At this point...
In this situation.
All it did was turn on the light.
It was getting dark,
and you're thanking it.
Hey, Shinichi.
Play a song.
My heart's getting worn down.
Whoa.
Wh-wh-why is that?
Why doesn't kombu make broth in the ocean?
Why is that?
Why is that? Why is that?
Tetsu and Tom.
Wh-wh-why, this is so sad.
Why, why?
Why is that?
Why, why is that?
Why, why?
Man, I just want to go home.
This one really hits.
Why, though?
I've never felt like this before.
That's not cigarette smoke.
It's so cold our breath is white.
Whoa, yeah.
It's freezing now.
Like that.
No, it really is cold.
Should we mix in one heater request?
A heater.
Maybe not a heater, but a blanket.
A blanket would be nice.
We need a blanket.
Yeah, we do.
Did you put the rice crackers in?
Start with the kakino-tane.
Add a little water.
Oh, we're cooking now.
This makes it spicy first.
Just changes the flavor a little.
I see, I see.
Then add a bunch of marshmallows.
We've got plenty of ingredients.
Whoa.
Huh?
So it's an arranged recipe.
Could chocolate be part of it?
Yeah, maybe.
All right.
Won't that make it harder to eat?
I wonder if this'll work.
Yeah.
Smell-wise, it's not bad.
I'm only going by the smell.
Right?
Oh, it melts more than I expected.
Yeah.
It's getting all soggy now.
You're a pro.
It's good.
Really?
Huh.
Oh, it's spicy.
So it is spicy.
Oh, sweet and spicy.
Sweet and spicy.
You haven't even tried it.
You could just set it down.
Is it fate?
Soy-sauce cracker.
You haven't even eaten it.
Actually, adding the cracker might work.
What are you doing?
Whoa, it's here!
Come over here.
He's here.
Kanai-kun.
Ah, hello?
Kanai-kun, can you do it now?
Yeah, I'm good.
Can you do that new 48-positions list?
Okay.
Right, uh, "Tachikanae."
"Tachikanae."
That was on the earlier list too.
Okay.
"Tachikanae," got it.
Okay, uh, "Chidori no Kyoku."
"Chidori no Kyoku."
Okay.
"Tachi Matsuba."
That one wasn't on there.
Okay.
"Miyama."
"Miyama" wasn't there either.
"Hiyodorigoe no..."
"Hiyodorigoe no Sakao-toshi."
"Sakao-toshi."
"Kubihiki Renbo."
Whoa.
"Kubihiki Renbo"?
I can't make it out.
"Kubihiki Renbo."
Okay.
"...renbo."
So it's with a B, right?
With a B, right?
It's "bo."
And last is "Tsubame-gaeshi."
"Tsubame-gaeshi."
Okay.
That's all.
Thanks, I'm hanging up.
Okay.
Oh.
That's the end.
Wait a second.
He flew through that.
One, two, three...
Totally different.
1, 2, 3... 48.
It's all 48.
It's there.
Here we go.
All 48 positions.
Please.
Here we go.
"Chidori no Kyoku."
Okay.
"Tachikanae."
Got it.
"Tachi Matsuba."
"Miyama."
"Tachi Hanabishi."
Got it.
"Hiyodorigoe no Sakao-toshi."
Right.
"Koban-zeme."
Okay.
Ah, sorry.
"Goban-zeme."
I didn't hear that one.
"Kubihiki Renbo."
"Daki Jizo."
"Daruma-gaeshi."
Okay.
"Midare Botan."
"Butsudan-gaeshi."
"Kiku Ichimonji."
"Matsuba-kuzushi."
"Tsubame-gaeshi."
No, no, no.
Whoa.
What?
Please.
This is brutal.
Whoa.
Huh?
This is a shock.
Which one?
Come on, what the hell?
What's the problem?
Because we don't know which one's wrong.
What do you mean, what?
Now then, today's small gamble in life.
Here it is, here it is!
"That was when I took a gamble!"
Seriously?
We got this through the mail form.
Oh.
Forty-three-year-old Tsuruhashi Hideki.
Oh!
Tsuruhashi Hideki.
Amazing.
So he likes clams.
Clams are good.
But he hates clams with sand in them.
You're a genius.
He's a genius.
This guy's hilarious.
He's hilarious, a genius.
Okay, Google.
This is rough, help me.
This is just getting depressing.
All we can do is get really gloomy.
This is rough, help me.
You've been working hard every day.
You must be exhausted.
Don't forget to take a break.
If we stop like this, we're dead.
Okay, Google.
Give me some words of encouragement.
Whoa.
Think back on the road you've taken so far.
If you've made it this far,
you should still be able to keep moving forward.
Mm-hmm.
So we literally can't move.
Because we're buried here.
We're not buried.
Nice words, though.
Okay, Google.
I can't move forward.
It's giving you good advice.
Sorry, I couldn't understand that.
That's what you said.
A jab.
Oh!
Today's wild, really wild.
They keep coming.
They're coming nonstop.
Whoa.
Wait, what's this?
Hey.
It's a person?
That's dangerous.
Of course it is.
It really is from over there.
Hello?
I'm going to read them now.
Right, we need to read them from our side.
I'll read them, can you check?
Can I use the same order as before? Yeah,
I'll just run through them in that order.
Okay.
"Chidori no Kyoku."
"Hiyodorigoe no Sakao-toshi."
It's sakao-toshi, right?
Huh, "sakao"?
Damn, this is where it went wrong.
Yes, the "sakao" in sakao-toshi.
So it was sakao-toshi.
Okay.
Okay, okay, okay.
Then "Goban-zeme."
"Goban-zeme."
"Kubihiki Renbo."
Okay.
Wait, Kubihiki?
Ah. It's kubi-hiki,
then renbo ending in "bo."
Right, Kubihiki Renbo.
I kept hearing just "hiki" the whole time.
"Tsubame-gaeshi."
Okay.
Thanks, sorry, thank you.
No problem.
Okay.
Damn it.
Here we go, here we go.
All right.
Wait, hold on, Ukihashi and...
Uh, let me try that again.
"Chidori no Kyoku."
"Tachikanae."
"Tachi Matsuba."
"Miyama."
"Tachi Hanabishi."
"Hiyodorigoe no Sakao-toshi."
Right.
"Goban-zeme."
Here.
"Kubihiki Renbo."
"Shibori Fuyo."
"Naruto."
"Kiku Ichimonji."
"Matsuba-kuzushi."
"Tsubame-gaeshi."
Please. Please.
Whoa. Whoa.
Whoa.
This is hopeless.
It's hard.
No, this should work.
Seriously, this has to be it.
Let's seriously go with this.
This has a real shot.
I've never seen an escape like this.
What do we do?
Go.
Wait, damn it.
Try scraping it a little.
Wait, wait, hold on.
Push harder.
Go, go.
Man, my hand slipped.
No way.
So that's how it works?
Ah!
We did scratch it.
But...
This is where it starts.
Let's go from this side.
Oh!
Wait, we might be able to do it.
No, this is impossible for amateurs.
Open!
Are you kidding me?
Whoa.
Go, it feels like it might work.
What is this material?
Halfway through it totally changes.
Ow.
Whoa.
What is this made of?
Wait.
Let me try once.
Wait, that much?
Just watch your hands.
They go numb fast. Ah!
Not even close.
Maybe this is impossible.
They probably meant it to be Ukihashi.
Wait, what? Is it painted white?
Something's off.
This is no good.
This material makes it impossible.
I can't even tell what it is.
Careful, careful, careful.
There, there, there!
Ah.
Ah, ah.
What?
Wait, wait, this...
This is the worst, probably.
Huh?
This is insane.
Ah.
It's metal, metal.
It's metal, right? Metal.
There's metal inside.
You've got to be kidding me.
It's metal.
No, it's definitely metal.
Whoa.
Let's stop.
Whoa, it comes this far?
I have no idea.
If it's all metal, no wonder it's cold.
That's why it's freezing cold.
Yeah.
Whoa.
Wait a second, something's...
A ton of bugs are gathering.
Whoa.
Because of the light.
We've got the light on.
Hey.
I hate bugs. They scare me.
Okay, Google.
Turn off the light.
What's "okay" about this?
Okay, Google.
Okay, Siri.
Whoa, it turned off.
Ah.
What?
Scary, scary, scary.
Whoa.
Whoa, it's intense.
What?
Huh?
Scary.
Whoa.
What is it?
What do we do?
Maybe bugs don't come to this side as
much. Ugh.
What now?
Okay, Google.
Turn the light on.
I'm scared.
Yeah, that's scary.
I really hate this.
Forget the bugs.
No light is scarier.
True.
Was that a blackout?
No, not a blackout here.
Oh.
What?
It freaks you out.
Whoa, scary, scary.
What is it?
Uh, uh, uh...
Oh, it's back on.
Ah.
What? What is it?
This is terrifying.
What?
What, what?
Did the breaker trip?
What does that mean?
What?
Was it a mistake?
Or did it mean something?
A hint?
Or it could send us the wrong way.
Let's take it as a hint.
Did it go dark because we said that?
Huh?
What did you say?
You mean it's linked to Kuro-chan's sound?
No... but it did feel that way.
Heave-ho.
If we add the foothold too...
True.
Huh?
Oh.
I think this is it, this is it.
Wait, wait, wait!
Huh? Huh?
That looks like a key.
Oh, it's here, it's here!
It's here!
Look.
Look, look!
No way.
Wait.
Whoa.
How did you even find that?
That's definitely a key.
It has to be.
It's not a 500-yen coin or something,
right? Here I go.
Wait, can you see it?
Yeah, I can. Okay.
It's a key.
Oh!
There it is!
Yes!
Yes! We did it!
This is intense.
All right.
We've been waiting for this.
Yes, yes, yes!
First, this one.
Question is whether it fits.
Hey, you're quick.
Oh, yes.
We did it!
This nearly killed us.
All right.
Yes!
I'm seriously so happy.
How does this even work?
This is it, it is!
Huh?
We can get outside! We can get outside!
This feels amazing.
Let's go.
Here I go.
Come on.
I'm out!
We did it! We did it!
Yes! All right!
All right!
We really did it!
We're outside! We did it!
Oh! Oh!
All right.
Amazing.
Oh, we got out.
All right.
We did it!
Yeah! Yeah! All right!
Man, that feels good.
It's cold out.
Seriously.
Wait, where are we?
Yeah, good point.
Oh.
I see.
So it ends here.
Only Tom Brown escaped?
Oh, wow.
Amazing.
That's amazing.
Though...
They were at their limit.
Yeah.
Man.
My stomach too.
Yeah.
That was close.
Mentally too.
One by one,
you start to lose it.
Everybody gradually loses it.
That 48-positions one in Minamikawa's
room. That one.
That puzzle was really well designed.
Yeah, really well designed.
It's built expecting
all of that to happen.
We know where the mistake was,
but they didn't.
They didn't know what was wrong,
or how many things were wrong.
For all they knew, all of it could've been
wrong. That was brutal.
Amazing.
Kuro-chan made zero progress.
Yeah.
Nothing changed at all.
It's incredible, though.
Even with no progress, it still holds up.
Seriously. Normally you'd never see
something like this.
It just got dark.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly.
That guy...
Has he ever done a harder job
than this in his life?
Probably not.
This might be his absolute limit.
Probably.
He's done all kinds of stuff,
but this might be the roughest one yet.
I think this is max difficulty.
You can't even move.
And nobody's there.
Yeah.
And that other room...
What do you make of that?
Right.
It's such a brute-force setup.
Exactly.
It's basically,
throw him in a room and trap him.
You just think, "Smash it open."
Yeah, exactly, exactly.
So naturally you think, "Use the pickaxe."
You don't usually see that in an escape show.
Let's smash it with the pickaxe.
But is that even the right move?
But we don't know either.
We don't know the answer.